Don't get up too early.
I don't think we know each other.
I haven't even told you what year I graduated.
Girl, what industry do your parents do?
My parents passed away three years ago
However, the company they ran before their death, the Xu Group
You may have heard of Xu Xi
Grandpa
I have something else to do
I'll take Xu Xi away first
And so forth.
Come here.
You wait for me here.
I'll come back to you later.
That's what you're doing
Go to Yuncheng
It's the death of his parents
Others don't know
Don't you know about this?
I can't let Xu Xi know for the time being
Have you ever thought about it?
Once he knew the truth about his parents
Can you take it?
So I've been waiting
Wait for him to fall in love with you
When he finds out that you had something to do with his parents' deaths
He will hate you
Small 7